Describe component metadata templating possibilities (#3062)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-apache-kafka.md

To setup Apache Kafka pubsub create a component of type `pubsub.kafka`. See [this guide]({{< ref "howto-publish-subscribe.md#step-1-setup-the-pubsub-component" >}}) on how to create and apply a pubsub configuration. For details on using `secretKeyRef`, see the guide on [how to reference secrets in components]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).

> All component metadata field values can carry [special metadata values]({{< ref "component-schema.md#templated-metadata-values" >}}) carry special metadata values, which are resolved on dapr sidecar startup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Component metadata field values can contain [templated metadata values]({{< ref "component-schema.md#templated-metadata-values" >}}) which are resolved on Dapr sidecar startup. 
```

> For example, you can choose to use `{namespace}` as the `consumerGroup`, providing a unique consumer group linked to both the Kubernetes `namespace` the sidecar is in and the configured `appId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can choose to use `{namespace}` as the `consumerGroup`, providing a unique consumer group associated to both the Kubernetes `namespace` the sidecar is in and the configured `appId`.
```

  - name: brokers # Required. Kafka broker connection setting
    value: "dapr-kafka.myapp.svc.cluster.local:9092"
  - name: consumerGroup # Optional. Used for input bindings.
    value: "{namespace}"
  - name: clientID # Optional. Used as client tracing ID by Kafka brokers.

>     value: "my-dapr-app-id"

Reviewer: Question: @VerstraeteBert - Could you use `{appID} `here as a templated value, and if so why/when. Does this have value?

Reviewer: @VerstraeteBert - Added a couple more comments and a question above^^

Author: {appId} makes sense to use as as a unique, human-readable identifier of an application when there is no concept of namespaces, like in self-host mode. This [quality article](https://docs.dapr.io/developing-applications/building-blocks/pubsub/howto-namespace/#with-namespace-consumer-groups) implies that {appId} is used as the default for consumerGroup. I'll link to that article in the doc.

Author: Ouch, been forgetting to sign-off... Recreating the PR will be easier than going through the rebase at this point (multiple collaborators). My apologies.
